iron-ring.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Fall Iron Ring Ceremony
display_title: true
permalink: /iron-ring/
category: Services
---

If you are an Engineering student at Concordia and have registered for graduation in Fall 2015, 
you are eligible to attend the Iron Ring Ceremony taking place in November 2015.

In order to register for the Iron Ring Ceremony, please come to the ECA office (H-838) with the following information:

 - Name
 - Student ID
 - Program
 - Email
 - Ring Size (we will be able to measure your ring size, so please come in person)
 
The office will be open from 10:00 to 12:00 and 13:00 to 16:00 on Mondays, Wednesdays, and Thursdays.


#### Registration begins: September 17th

#### Registration ends: October 7th

**Please note that October 7th is the FINAL date to register, late registrations will NOT be permitted**


Once you are registered and we have checked that you meet all the eligibility requirements, 
we will send you a confirmation email. 
You can expect to receive this email during the last week of October or the first week of November.

*Note:* __If you are currently taking Capstone or if you have remaining classes__ to complete in Winter 2016, you will not be eligible to attend the November 2015 ceremony.

### Ceremony:

 - __Date:__ November 14th, 2015
 - __Time and Venue__: TBD

*I can't go to the ceremony, can I still get the ring?*  
No, you must attend the ceremony to receive the ring.

*Who can attend the ceremony with me?*  
Only mentors and the graduating students are allowed in the ceremony.

*Who are the mentors?*  
Each student can have one mentor, the only requirement is that they be engineers and be wearing their ring at the ceremony! 
The mentors will be the ones to officially give you your ring.

*Do I need to have a mentor?*  
If you don't have a mentor, it's fine, one of the wardens will ring you.

*How do I dress?*  
Formal Attire required, so dress to impress!

### Cocktail:

 - __Date:__ November 14th, 2015—following the ceremony
 - __Time and Venue:__ TBD

*Do I need to go to the cocktail?*  
No, it is entirely optional!

*Who can attend the cocktail with me?*  
Each student can invite up to two guests, children under 10 years can attend the cocktail for free. 
The mentors can also attend the cocktail for free, but they will count towards your two guests.

*How much are the tickets?*  
We'll email you information on how to get a ticket and the cost once your eligibility is confirmed.

Commit message:

Updated Office Hours for Iron Ring Ceremony

iron-ring.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Fall Iron Ring Ceremony
display_title: true
permalink: /iron-ring/
category: Services
---

If you are an Engineering student at Concordia and have registered for graduation in Fall 2015, 
you are eligible to attend the Iron Ring Ceremony taking place in November 2015.

In order to register for the Iron Ring Ceremony, please come to the ECA office (H-838) with the following information:

 - Name
 - Student ID
 - Program
 - Email
 - Ring Size (we will be able to measure your ring size, so please come in person)
 
###The office Hours:

- Monday: 14:00 to 20:00
- Wednesday, Friday: 10:00 to 12:00
- Thrusday: 10:00 to 12:00 and 13:00 to 16:00


#### Registration begins: September 17th

#### Registration ends: October 7th

**Please note that October 7th is the FINAL date to register, late registrations will NOT be permitted**


Once you are registered and we have checked that you meet all the eligibility requirements, 
we will send you a confirmation email. 
You can expect to receive this email during the last week of October or the first week of November.

*Note:* __If you are currently taking Capstone or if you have remaining classes__ to complete in Winter 2016, you will not be eligible to attend the November 2015 ceremony.

### Ceremony:

 - __Date:__ November 14th, 2015
 - __Time and Venue__: TBD

*I can't go to the ceremony, can I still get the ring?*  
No, you must attend the ceremony to receive the ring.

*Who can attend the ceremony with me?*  
Only mentors and the graduating students are allowed in the ceremony.

*Who are the mentors?*  
Each student can have one mentor, the only requirement is that they be engineers and be wearing their ring at the ceremony! 
The mentors will be the ones to officially give you your ring.

*Do I need to have a mentor?*  
If you don't have a mentor, it's fine, one of the wardens will ring you.

*How do I dress?*  
Formal Attire required, so dress to impress!

### Cocktail:

 - __Date:__ November 14th, 2015—following the ceremony
 - __Time and Venue:__ TBD

*Do I need to go to the cocktail?*  
No, it is entirely optional!

*Who can attend the cocktail with me?*  
Each student can invite up to two guests, children under 10 years can attend the cocktail for free. 
The mentors can also attend the cocktail for free, but they will count towards your two guests.

*How much are the tickets?*  
We'll email you information on how to get a ticket and the cost once your eligibility is confirmed.
